1. Update Node.js Version

nvm use --lts
nvm use 16

2. Set Environment Variable for Node.js 17+
export NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider

TO RESOLEVE THE PROBLEM THE NODE

Key Steps Taken

    Update react-scripts:
    Upgrading to the latest version of react-scripts ensured compatibility with the latest Node.js version and other dependencies.

    Remove Conflicting babel-loader:
    Removing any manual installations of babel-loader from your package.json helped avoid conflicts with the version required by react-scripts.

    Clean Installation:
    Deleting node_modules, package-lock.json, and any existing lock files, followed by a fresh npm install, resolved the dependency tree cleanly.

    Verify Dependency Tree:
    Using npm ls babel-loader to check that the correct version of babel-loader was installed and used by react-scripts.

    Run and Test the Project:
    Ensuring the project runs (npm start) and tests (npm test) without issues confirmed everything was correctly set up.

Additional Tips for Maintaining Compatibility

    Regularly Update Dependencies: Keep your project dependencies updated to avoid similar conflicts in the future.
    Use .env Files for Custom Settings: For any special configurations or to bypass certain checks, using an .env file can help.
    Documentation and Release Notes: Always check the documentation and release notes of major dependencies (like react-scripts) when updating.

Common Commands for Reference

    Update react-scripts:

    bash

npm install react-scripts@latest

Remove Lock Files and node_modules:

bash

rm -rf node_modules package-lock.json yarn.lock

Clean Install Dependencies:

bash

npm install

Verify Installed Packages:

bash

npm ls babel-loader

Start Development Server:

bash

npm start

Run Tests:

bash

    npm test

If You Encounter Further Issues

    Check Logs: Look at log files for more detailed error messages (/home/malpro/.npm/_logs/).
    Consult Documentation: Always check the official documentation for any library you’re using.

If you have any more questions or need further assistance, feel free to ask! Enjoy your development with the latest Node.js and Create React App setup.
